[Music]
hey stay off the streets all right I'm
back in the sand three months it's not
what I said I was very honored to be in
this film because it's such an important
story it's based on real people's lives
it's really a love letter to our
veterans this one one we were clear on
building 20 your 20th green to Army
Commendation medals in army Achievement
Medal hang on every guy impressive you
never told me about those specific
incident that troubles you
this film is about four guys who served
in Iraq and what it's like to try to fit
back into society you kick some ass over
there yeah coming back home you can't
even find a job
I just want get back to my unit you feel
more I'm at at war next to your brothers
no belong here you trust me I got by
untangling these characters we can
understand the lives of these soldiers
and the reality of what they went
through my boy here fought his ass off
alright he did his job now do yours
Jason true an American sniper which was
a very poignant film he's so well versed
in this world and you can just tell that
the guy's done his homework
the fact that we have real people that
went through this as a weight and an
importance to the work that we're doing
that we get it right don't even feel
like me anymore it's the best research
in the actor can get to just be
surrounded by the people you're playing
solo Amanda Adam they have been so
generous in the way that they have
shared their stories that's the heart of
this thing these actors are tapped in
and they're tapped into each other we
can create something beautiful
hundreds of thousands of veterans
seeking help sometimes movies can be
used as a platform to where you can put
some real things out there we're
presenting something that is very honest
and we're putting it right in the front
center I know this don't look like much
of a lot but every when I get up I'm
grateful I'm allowed because of you I
hope that it will be the catalyst that
slings this issue to the forefront of
America
[Music]
there is a light at the end of that toe
because we're all in it together thank
you for looking after my son over there
he's my brother
we look after each other
[Music]
you